Thus far in this all we always used.
James Fedele simply because it's easy to use and we use this Cdn or DS CDN links here.
There we kind of simulate the multi-page approach because even though we only used one just Fidele a
window it's easy to imagine that this was one page off our web app which might have multiple pages I
guess.
Now I want to show you how to quickly set up a local re-act workflow which is also suited to create
single page applications.
Now of course you can also create multi-page applications with your local development workflow but there
you typically need to have the integrated workflow with the project you're creating your back in with.
So for example if you have a node.
JS re-act application and you're creating a full stack multi-page application with no to chase.
Well then you need to integrate that react part into your no Chia's views rendering anyways.
So that is what I mean with integrated approach and that is something you will have to dive deeper into
if you plan to learn reactivates when which is probably something you should get taught in a reaction
of course.